[iot] Improve documentation organization and add new material (#3606)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/proc-iot-receiving-commands-http.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// assembly-iot-tenant-guide.adoc
// assembly-iot-solution-developers-guide.adoc

[id='proc-iot-receiving-commands-http-{context}']
= Receiving commands using HTTP protocol

You can send commands from the cloud to a device using the HTTP protocol.

.Procedure

> . Send telemetry message using the HTTP protocol, specifying `hono-ttd` parameter indicating for how long the client will wait for the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Send a telemetry message using the HTTP protocol, specifying the `hono-ttd` parameter indicating how long the client will wait for the command:
```

+
[options="nowrap",subs="attributes"]
----
curl --insecure -X POST -i -u sensor1@myapp.iot:hono-secret -H 'Content-Type: application/json' --data-binary '{"temp": 5}' https://{http-adapter}/telemetry?hono-ttd=600
----
include::../common/snip-iot-customer-command.adoc[]

> . The client should receive command in the HTTP response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client receives the command in the HTTP response:
```
